hi I'm Warren burn at the restaurant
show and if you're looking for the
perfect place to relax and slow down for
a while
I think you'll enjoy this video tour of
fireside books and coffee Sam I gotta
tell you this place is pretty darn
phenomenal but I guess you already know
thanks so much more where'd the idea
come from for this kind of from the
notion of what an English library is and
what an English library means to the
people that go to it I mean the quiet
space an oasis a way to kind of get away
from the bustle is to just relax and
read if you like books great coffee
drinks or just need a place to escape
for a few minutes fireside books and
coffee is exactly what you're looking
for the bookstore has thirty four
thousand books and they're all
categorized by subject matter you can
find some some real finds can be kind of
a treasure I've had people come and find
books that they've been looking for for
a long long time
and haven't been able to find them and
have found them here at fireside books
and coffee you can enjoy espresso
cappuccino lattes or just a straight cup
of rich coffee this room here we
we had our children's literature lots of
children's books real good selection
youth and teen books and a good
selection of education books and
learning books I have a fairly
good-sized vintage book section there
are books that may not necessarily be
high end value but fairly hard to find a
lot of them were out of print books some
of whom are rare books and some of them
were antique books some of them are very
very old books this is our reading room
my main reading space just nicely
appointed furnishings comfortable chairs
kind of a comfortable quiet place to sit
and read how do most people treat this
place there's a book store that sells
coffee or a coffee shop that his books
kind of a little bit of both I think
that the focus is the ambience the focus
is to come and just enjoy this really
neat setting grab a cup of coffee and a
book and kickback for as long as you'd
like in their English library saying
complete with a fireplace baby grand
piano and comfortable leather chairs and
even if you're not in the mood for books
or coffee you're welcome to come by
anyway 24 hours a day seven days a week
and simply unwind for a while bring your
laptop along and take advantage of free
Wi-Fi fireside books is located on the
southeast corner of Hamden and Delaware
four blocks west of Broadway for more
information and directions to fireside
books and coffee call 303 76191 91